PART 2, AB TESTING THEORY

//timestamp: 1:59:39

AB testing helps data scienists to measure the effectiveness
changes to a product to rely on data evidence rather than
intuition for more product changes.

It also helps them to identify the most effective changes of
a product bc it allows people to optimize the product.

We can validate what changes can improve a product before the
changes are made with supported evidence from AB testing.

AB testing is a very popular way for businesses to test out:
- UX features
- new versions of a product
- new versions of an algorithm

before launching.

You can do AB testing by showing the current version to a CONTROL
group, and the new version to an EXPERIMENTAL group.




------TESTING PROCESS STEPS
1. State the hypothesis of the A/B test.
- Coming up with a hypothesis. Includes understanding how you'll measure the success,
which is called the primary metric.
2. A/B Test design, power analysis
- Design entire test. Making assumptions about the most important parameters
of the test, calculating minimum sample size required to claim statistical
significance.

//timestamp: 2:04:27

3. Run the A/B test.
- Make sure test runs smoothly. Make sure parameters are satisfied.
Collecting data.
4. Results analysis -> statistical significance
- Testing the hypothesis in step 1 by running analysis on the data
collected in step 3.
5. Results analysis -> practical significance
- Seeing if the conclusions made can make things happen in the real world.




---NUMBER ONE: HYPOTHESIS AND PRIMARY METRIC

//timestamp: 2:06:25

1a. Creating a business hypothesis
Describes the two products being compared and what the desired
impact is for the business.
"Using the color green for our website will increase engagment"

1b. Selecting a primary metric.
There should only be one primary metric in an A/B test. It is used to
define a statistically significant difference between the two things.
Revenue isn't always the end goal, so you must look to tie a metric
to a relevant thing.

//timestamp: 2:08:44